I'm talking to you
Press you, you still can't eat it. This is a company.
Why are you working so hard here? The weather is crazy.
I always listen to you
And you
Before I let the security guard leave, go over and hear if you can
I want to see how you can let me out
You still don’t know that I am the director of this designer
Whoever I want to go through will have to go through it.
Why did you come in person?
you start you
When people come here, the designer is very silent.
I will definitely accompany you and cooperate with you to deal with it.
Can you cooperate with me?
That's our Wuben. We are so non-dangerous and we are so kind.
You are Negi Yecheng, you are watching.
It's all just a paycheck
Sorry
I will never be Taishan
Don't argue with me
I really can't be you
let me go
Sorry
I'll know it in the morning
If I were here now because of this matter
The cooperation is ruined
It's too late to cooperate. Pay and leave.
It’s really a bad one
Today is an unexpected event for our company
I'll treat you to a meal and give you some crumbs
Is that a movie?
Is this woman stupid?
I'll help her again
You want to accomplice me